the personal beauty that everton and today
bring a little something that appeared in the
ps3 and wii that gave me the idea
on here
chain to and felipe neves he told
me here 3rd civil house that released the
ps3 servers
I had not seen so you give a
look the following you entered here
celebrated ps3 should be released 360
let's also go there multiplayer
Come on and I only had these three fields
now there is this other field here that is the
my rented servers
you can rent the servers let's go there
having the days will start with a day
you rent for a day leaves for three
and forty-nine cents is a
little more expensive than the bus ticket
it's not the cat's face shut the mouth to mouth
mouth of the bottle is not always the cat, right?
I think I'm going to make a video with only
cat here man is heading to seven days
fourteen reais and ninety-nine cents
30 days 50 reais and ninety-nine
cents in 90 days 120 and 99
if you play a clan and face videos
here for ten is almost nothing for each
so I think it pays well you have it
one clan and let the crowd joins staff
there a piece of money and rent it for 90
days
the advantage is that you can configure
several things on your server yet
now faces the competitive
go ahead of ps3
I really hope that you can join them there.
guys are interested in the ps3 guys and
do grow a little bit more
community
We know that here in Brazil is very
expensive right has an xbox 134 the uh uh to the pc
so there are a lot of people who have a ps3 and
xbox 360 and staff also deserve
competing has a lot of good people playing there
I play with a lot of very expensive people they
are really good even those that are
dedicate to the game and we will see what
get out in the face
So it's whoever wants it, this is
in place makes is place here the romario
said where to accept
I do not have any place of this here.
choose server location
the let the pigs here as well as in
the larger the bar and leads a lech poznan
west west I like the west and middle
west
Let's see what's in it.
virose to 121 en121 you can buy here
if you already have your card already spread
There you can buy it, you confirm.
buy here pay, right?
preferably paid year receives and this
staff who rent and give me a touch me
start to enjoy a server of yours
to the cat carai you want cat
I'm not date, I can not catch you.
beauty
these people who rent and pass me
the name of the Serbian ip or know why
It's there and I want to play with you guys.
beauty then spoke but with the whole face
this time it goes there on the
facebook if every 10 click enjoy
to receive the updates and then
no on twitter and not registered if
subscribe to the channel and who subscribed
thanks for this staff a force
Hugs thanks